feat(documentation): Migration Notification overlay (#2608)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/components/notification-overlay/notification-overlay.docs.mdx

import { Meta, Source } from '@storybook/blocks';
import { PostTabHeader, PostTabPanel, PostTabs } from '@swisspost/design-system-components-react';
import StylesPackageImport from '../../../shared/styles-package-import.mdx';
import PostComponentDemoLink from '../../../shared/post-component-demo-link.mdx';
import NgbComponentImport from '../../../shared/nb-bootstrap/ngb-component-import.mdx';
import * as notificationOverlayStories from './notification-overlay.stories';
import basicExampleHTML from './notification-overlay.sample.html?raw';
import basicExampleAngular from './notification-overlay.sample.ts?raw';

<Meta of={notificationOverlayStories} />

<div className="d-flex align-items-center justify-content-between">
  # Notification overlay

  <PostComponentDemoLink component="notification-overlay" />
</div>

> <p className="lead">Tells the user an important information before going on with a further action and allows to interrupt the current action.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p className="lead">Present the user with important information or a decision before continuing the workflow.</p>
```
